Pyrodigal (#251)
nf-core/funcscan: docs/usage.md

When the annotation is run with Prokka, the resulting `.gbk` file passed to antiSMASH may produce the error `translation longer than location allows` and end the pipeline run. This Prokka bug has been reported before (see [discussion on GitHub](https://github.com/antismash/antismash/discussions/450)) and is not likely to be fixed soon.

> > ⚠️ If antiSMASH is run for BGC detection, we recommend to **not** run Prokka for annotation but instead leave the default annotation tool Pyrodigal or switch to Bakta (for bacteria only!).

Author: Actually I would not go into details about Pyrodigal/Prodigal differences here, because this paragraph is about not using Prokka for Antismash. More detailed info about the annotation tool differences can be found at the parameters and output docs already.

> > ⚠️ If antiSMASH is run for BGC detection, we recommend to **not** run Prokka for annotation but instead leave the default annotation tool Pyrodigal or switch to Prodigal or Bakta (for bacteria only!).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> ⚠️ If antiSMASH is run for BGC detection, we recommend to **not** run Prokka for annotation but instead use the default annotation tool (Pyrodigal) or switch to Prodigal, or Bakta (the latter to bacteria only!).
```
